Specification:
Write a program to build a tree for a file input, and then print the tree using three different traversals.
The program will be invoked as P0 [file] where file is an optional argument. 

If the file argument is not given, the program reads data from the keyboard.
If the argument is given, the program reads the data file file.fs25s1. (note that file is any valid name and the extension is implicit - it is NOT allowed on the command line).

Without optional argument:
P0 // read from the keyboard until simulated EOF
P0 < somefile // same as above except redirecting from somefile instead of keyboard, this testskeyboard input. 
somefile must be the entire filename including the otherwise implicit extension, andthis is the same as above except the shell submits the file to the program through the standard input.

With optional argument:
P0 somename // read from somename.fs25s1

Requirements:
Assume you do not know the size of the input file.
Assume the input data is all strings (printable ASCII) separated with standard WS (white space)separators (space, tab, new line).
If the input file is not readable for whatever reason, or command line arguments are not correct, theprogram must abort with an appropriate message.
The program will read the data left to right and put them into a tree, which is a binary search tree (BST).
The data is all strings made up of letters and digits only. 
You may assume clean data, +10% for validation - a warning message on any bad datum and then skipping that datum.
The data is placed in the binary search tree using the definition that any datum repeated in the file anumber of times is larger than another datum that was repeated a smaller number of times.
Datarepeated the same number of times is interpreted as equivalent data from the ordering perspective(thus falling in the same node).
Tree is never balanced nor restructured other than growing new nodes as needed, and the tree isconstructed using the first occurrence of each string.
A node retains each repeated datum just once.
The program will subsequently output 3 files corresponding to 3 traversals, named somename.preorder,somename.inorder and somename.postorder. 
Note that somename is the base name of the input file ifgiven, and it is the constant string out if that argument is not not given.
Traversals preorder inorder postorder

Printing in traversal:
A node will print starting with indentation of 2x depth (root is at depth 0) then the node's number(the frequency for the node's data) followed by the character ':' 
and WS followed by the list of strings from the node separated by WS (retaining the original ordering as according to appearance in the input file).

Structural Requirements:
The main function should be in the file P0.c (in C, P0.cpp in C++), with any helpers helping it processing the argument or generate errors in the same file. Then, you should have functions buildTree() printInorder() printPreorder() printPostorder()
(signatures up to you) implemented in the same file tree.c/tree.cpp with tree.h as needed. If you have a type definition for the node, it should be in a separate header file node.h.
Traversals taken from the 3130 textbook:
Preorder: 
process root process children left to right
Inorder:
process left child process root process right child
Postorder: 
process children left to right process root

